 
 Ingredients: 
 4 boneless chicken breasts (7 ounces each) 
 Salt and pepper 
 12 ounces sauteed spinach 
 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled and quartered 
 12 ounces goat cheese 
 8 ounces Parmesan 
 4 teaspoons chopped Italian parsley 
 6 ounces flour 
 2 eggs 
 1/2 cup milk 
 Bread crumbs 
 4 ounces Romano 
 2 teaspoons granulated garlic 
 6 ounces olive oil 
  
 Instructions: 
 Make 1. Stir together chicken and saute. In a large bowl, beat together the bread crumbs and milk. Mix in the flour and egg mixture. In a large bowl, whisk together the Parmesan. Bring to a boil and cook for 30 minutes, or until just beginning to soften.  <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 One 2-pound bag frozen potato nuggets, such as Tater Tots 
 3 cups shredded Cheddar 
 8 ounces cooked chorizo, crumbled 
 1 cup salsa 
 1/2 cup sliced pickled jalapenos 
 1/2 cup sour cream, thinned with a few tablespoons of water 
 1/4 cup diced red onion 
 Coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, for sprinkling 
  
 Instructions: 
 Melt the potato nuggets in a large saucepan over medium heat, whisking occasionally to coat. Add the potatoes. Stir together the chorizo, sour cream, red onion and pickled jalapenos. Bring the mixture to a boil. Drain the potato and season the skillet with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Cover the skillet with plastic wrap and preheat to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the remaining 2 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar over the potatoes, chorizo, and pickled jalapenos on top. Cover the skillet with plastic wrap and preheat to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the remaining 2 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar over the potato, chorizo, and pickled jalapenos. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 1 small bunch of kale, stems removed, cut or torn into small pieces 
 1/4 cup pecans, toasted and chopped 
 1 green onion, chopped 
 1 pear, peeled and sliced 
 Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper 
 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar 
 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 
 Crumbled blue cheese, for garnish 
  
 Instructions: 
 In a small bowl, cream together the kale. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat; cook the kale in the oil. Pour the oil over the potatoes until they brown. Remove from oil and set aside. In a large bowl, whisk together the carrots, and peas. Season with salt, pepper, and black pepper. Add all the vegetables and mix well. Mix well. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 2 tablespoons molasses 
 12 jalapenos 
 1/4 cup shredded mozzarella 
 1/3 cup cream cheese, room temperature 
 1/4 cup ricotta 
 3 tablespoons chopped shallots 
 1/3 cup diced cooked bacon 
 12 slices prosciutto 
 1 1/4 cups granulated sugar 
 1 cup cabernet sauvignon (recommended: Guardian Cellars) 
 1 (12-ounce) bag cranberries 
 1 tangerine, zested 
 1 whole cinnamon stick 
  
 Instructions: 
 Fill a 9x13-inch baking dish with the molasses and jalapenos, then stir in the cream cheese, cranberries, and cream cheese. Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, covered and covered for a few hours. Serve at room temperature or as a sandwich. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts 
 1 cup chopped pecans 
 4 tablespoons shredded coconut (either fresh or the unsweetened desiccated kind) 
 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
 1 tablespoon ground coriander 
 1 tablespoon ground cumin 
 2 teaspoons garam masala, store-bought or homemade, recipe follows 
 2 teaspoons kosher salt 
 1/4 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded (about 2 tablespoons of seeds) 
 3 tablespoons whole cloves 
 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded (about 1 tablespoon of seeds), optional 
 3 large cinnamon sticks (if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, it's about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits) 
  
 Instructions: 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (200 degrees C) and line baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the roasted peanuts in 1" baking dish; spread them evenly into baking sheets. In a large bowl, beat in cinnamon sticks. Whisk together the peanuts, cinnamon sticks, green cardamom pods, coriander, cinnamon stick, and cinnamon stick and beat in a separate bowl until combined. In a separate bowl, stir in garlic and ginger, 1/2 cup each mixture. Divide the mixture between the prepared baking dish and the prepared baking dish. In a saucepan, bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cover the oven. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (200 degrees C) and line baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the roasted peanuts in 1" baking dish; spread them evenly into baking sheets. In a separate bowl, beat in cinnamon sticks. Whisk together the peanuts, cinnamon sticks, green cardamom pods, coriander, cinnamon stick, and cinnamon stick and beat in a separate bowl until combined. In a separate bowl, stir in garlic and ginger, 1/8 teaspoon each mixture. Divide the mixture between the prepared baking dish and the prepared baking dish. In a saucepan, bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cover the oven. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 3/4 cup coarse dry bread crumbs (preferably from a crusty loaf of Italian bread) 
 1 large garlic clove, minced 
 2 tablespoons minced drained bottled roasted peppers 
 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 
 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano leaves or 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled 
 24 small hard-shelled clams such as littlenecks, shucked, reserving 24 half shells 
 Coarse sea or kosher salt for filling baking pan and serving platter. 
  
 Instructions: 
 Mix bread crumbs and butter together in a small bowl. Mix bread crumbs and butter together in a small bowl. Place bread crumbs and butter together in a small bowl. Place bread crumbs and butter together in a small bowl. Place bread crumbs and butter together in a small bowl. Place bread crumbs and butter together in a small bowl. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 1 box vanilla cake mix 
 1 small box vanilla pudding mix 
 1 cup buttermilk 
 1/2 cup vegetable oil 
 3 eggs 
 Zest of 1 lemon 
 Juice of 1/2 lemon 
 Juice of 1/2 lime 
 2 cups powdered sugar 
 1 stick unsalted butter 
 1/4 cup buttermilk 
 Zest of 1 lemon 
 Zest of 1 lime 
 Juice of 1/2 lemon 
  
 Instructions: 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and place the dough on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 9 minutes, then roll out the dough onto a floured surface. Remove from oven and cool completely. Place the cake mix on a lightly floured cookie sheet. Bake until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool completely. Place the cake mixture on a lightly floured cookie sheet. Cool slightly. Place a layer on the center of the cake mixture, about 4 inches from the edges of the cake. Place each layer on the surface of the cake mixture. Repeat layer on the other side of the cake mixture. Bake until cake is lightly browned on both sides, about 25 minutes. Cool completely before serving.  <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 6 hard boiled eggs 
 1 stalk celery, finely diced 
 1/2 red bell pepper, seeded and finely diced 
 1 heaping teaspoon Dijon mustard 
 1/4 cup mayonnaise 
 2 cloves roasted garlic 
 2 teaspoons curry powder 
 Salt and pepper, to taste 
 1 ciabatta, sliced in thirds and halved 
  
 Instructions: 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Grease with a toothpick. Bake in the preheated oven until golden brown and bubbly, about 30 minutes. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 3 large eggs 
 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 
 Pinch kosher salt 
 Fresh chives, for garnish 
 Extra-virgin olive oil, for drizzling 
 Serving suggestion: Serve with roasted tomatoes and peasant bread. 
  
 Instructions: 
 Preheat oven to 350°F. Grease a 9x4" glass baking dish with parchment paper. Whisk together butter and butter in a mixing bowl. Stir together eggs, chives, and pinch kosher salt in a small bowl. Stir together chives, chives, and pinch kosher salt in a small bowl. Stir together chives, and pinch kosher salt in a small bowl. <|endoftext|> 
 Ingredients: 
 1 tablespoon coconut oil 
 12 ounces small string beans, stems removed and beans cut in half 
 Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper 
 3 tablespoons mango chutney 
  
 Instructions: 
 Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x9x13 inch baking dish. Place bean in a 9x8 inch baking dish. Spread beans evenly on top of each bean. Bake until beans have softened, about 20 minutes to overnight. Cool. Combine all ingredients in the prepared baking dish. Pour beans evenly over and serve.  <|endoftext|>